WEEK 4  : GRADED QUIZ - Jupyter Notebooks and Jupyter Lab

1. In which formats can you share a notebook with other users?
PDF
ppt
doc
xls

2. What is a feature of a JupyterLab?
Is not an open source
Allows access to a single Notebook
Allows support of a single HTML file format
Interactive control of the notebook cells and output

3. Which option gives the output of the current highlighted code cell in Jupyter Notebook?
Run-> Run Selected Cells
Run -> Run All Cells
Run -> Render All Markdown Cells

4. How can you switch the kernel in the Jupyter Notebook?
By clicking on Select Kernel at the top of the page
By clicking the top left of the notebook
By clicking on the Code option
By clicking the top right of the notebook

5. Where does the kernel display the output of the executed code?
Notebook file
Server
Client Browser
Exporter

6. Which element of the Notebook architecture converts the file to other formats?
Postprocessor
Client Browser
Exporter
Preprocessor

7. What is one of the features of JupyterLite?
Requires a dedicated server
Default kernel is SQLite
It is not a static website
Can create interactive graphics and visualizations

8. What is one of the features of GoogleColab?
You need to set up and install GoogleColab Jupyter notebooks
GoogleColab Jupyter notebooks execute on a server
GoogleColab projects are stored on the local machine
You can clone GitHub projects and execute them in GoogleColab

9. Which environment is used for creating and modifying Jupyter Notebooks on a local device?
GoogleColab
Python
SQLite

10. How can you execute Python code in Visual Studio code?
By selecting Markdown from the drop-down menu
By installing Python extensions
By clicking on Download as
By selecting Code from the drop-down menu

The correct answers are:

    A1. PDF, HTML
    A2. Interactive control of the notebook cells and output
    A3. Run -> Run Selected Cells
    A4. By clicking on Select Kernel at the top of the page or by clicking the top right of the notebook and picking the kernel from the drop-down menu.
    A5. Client Browser
    A6. Exporter
    A7. Can create interactive graphics and visualizations
    A8. You can clone GitHub projects and execute them in GoogleColab
    A9. JupyterLab, Visual Studio Code
    A10. By installing Python extensions.





Week 4  : Practice Quiz - Jupyter Notebooks and Jupyter Lab

1. What functionality is provided by the Jupyter Notebook file to Data Scientists?
Allows to code in only one language
Does not allow to share the file in any format
Runs the code and generates the output in a separate file
Allows to combine descriptive text, code blocks, and code output in a single file

2. What is the purpose of the kernel in the Jupyter Notebook?
Writes the code
Translates the code to a different language
Exports the code to a different file
Executes the code

3. What are the elements of Jupyter’s architecture?
Kernel and client
Server and client
Two kernels and a server
Two clients and a server

4. What is the default kernel of JupyterLite?
Julia
Pyolite
SQLite

5. What is the purpose of Anaconda?
Allows creating interactive visualizations
Allows to install packages using a command line interface only
Allows execution of code written in any language
Allows to install new packages without using a command line interface



ANSWERS:
    A1. Allows to combine descriptive text, code blocks, and code output in a single file.
    A2. Executes the code.
    A3. Kernel and client.
    A4. Pyolite.
    A5. Allows to install new packages without using a command line interface.
    
    
    
    
    
WEEK  5   PRACTICE QUIZ - RStudio ANSWERS:

1. Where can you type R commands in RStudio?</h2>
ANS: Console

2. Which R library will you use for data visualizations such as histograms, bar charts, and scatterplots? Select all that apply.
ANS: Plotly & ggplot

3. Which is the command used to install packages in R?
ANS: install.packages()



WEEK  5   PRACTICE QUIZ - GitHub ANSWERS:

1. Which term describes the folders set up for version control?
Repository

2. Which tab in your Repository enables a review of changes made before being merged into the main branch?
Pull requests

3. Which command is used to clone an existing repository?
git init





GRADED QUIZ - RStudio & GitHUb                            (ANSWERS CAN BE FOUND AFTER THESE 10 QUESTIONS)

1. Which of the following is True about R language .
R is used for statistical inference and does not support visualization
R functions require lots of coding compared to other Data science tools
R requires installation of additional libraries to handle data analysis
R supports importing of data from different sources like flat files, databases 

2. Which R library is used for machine learning?
stringr 
ggplot
dplyr
caret 

3. Which function in ggplot adds a title to the plot?
geom point
ggplot
ggtitle
library

4. Which function is used to specify appropriate names for both axes in a plot?
geom point 
library
ggplot
xlab and ylab  

5. What is a copy of a repository?
Fork
SSH protocol
Pull request
Working directory

6. How does GitHub provide streamline testing and delivery?
With merging
With Built-in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD)
With reviewing and including comments 
With branching 

7. In GitHub, what is an organization?
A collection of user accounts that owns repositories 
A name you must specify for your repository
The top level of a repository tree
A path to the code files in a project

8. On which tab in the Repository can you see all the source files?
Code
Projects
Issues 
Pull requests 

9. How do you save changes in the Repository?
Add file
Create new file
Commit changes 
Save changes

10. Which option enables you to add a file to the Repository from your local machine?
Commit changes
Create new file
Upload files 
New Repository

ANSWERS:
    A1. R supports importing of data from different sources like flat files, databases.
    A2. caret.
    A3. ggtitle.
    A4. xlab and ylab.
    A5. Fork.
    A6. With Built-in Continuous Integration (CI) and Continuous Delivery (CD).
    A7. A collection of user accounts that owns repositories.
    A8. Code.
    A9. Commit changes.
    A10. Upload files.





FINAL EXAM - Graded Assignment • 36 min


1. What does SQL stand for?
Strong Query Language
Structured Quick Language
Structured Quadrant Language
Structured Query Language

2. Which of these is not a machine learning or deep learning library for Python?
Kera
Scikit-learn
NumPy
PyTorch

3. What type of model would you use if you wanted to find the relationship between a set of variables?
Classification model
Regression model
Clustering model

4. What is data governance? 
Deleting data stored within a central repository
Storing data in a central repository
An implementation of data processes and controls
Creating processes and controls around the access of data

5. When learning data science what open source tools are the most used?
Spyder
Notepad
VSCode
Jupyter Notebooks / JupyterLab
RStudio

6. Jupyter Notebooks is the tool most R developers use.
No
Yes

7. Which of the following functions does RStudio provide?
Creating relationships between data tables.
Editing and execution of R code.
Storing data in tables. 
Documenting R code applications.

8. Which of the following statements about Jupyter Notebook is correct?
Jupyter Notebook supports the Visualization of data in charts.
Jupyter Notebook is only available if installed locally on your computer.
Jupyter Notebook provides storage of massive quantities of data in data lakes. 
Jupyter Notebook is a commercial product of IBM.

9. Which feature in Watson Studio helps to keep track of and discover relevant Machine Learning assets?

Modeler Flows
Watson Knowledge Catalog
OpenScale
AutoAI
All of the above

10. How does Data Refinery help build repeatable Data Pipelines for workloads of almost any size?
Not supported.
Feature is available only in the UI, not API.
Manually write APIs to provide automation.
Only a fixed workload size is supported.
Create a scheduled Job and use a custom environment to run the data flow/pipeline on different workloads. 

11. What type of node is used to prepare the data for modeling in Modeler flows?
All of the above
A type node
Auto data prep node
A modeling node
A data source node

12. What software package is used specifically to analyze data related to social sciences?
Charts
Modelers
SPSS
Graphical user interface

ANSWERS:

    A1. Structured Query Language
    A2. NumPy
    A3. Regression model
    A4. Creating processes and controls around the access of data
    A5. Jupyter Notebooks / JupyterLab, RStudio
    A6. No
    A7. Editing and execution of R code, Documenting R code applications.
    A8. Jupyter Notebook supports the Visualization of data in charts.
    A9. Watson Knowledge Catalog
    A10. Create a scheduled Job and use a custom environment to run the data flow/pipeline on different workloads.
    A11. All of the above
    A12. SPSS
